docs: Add real-world examples of Curator for Nemotron datasets and SE… (#1847)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: docs/about/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Text Curation**: Uses a pipeline-based architecture with modular processing stages running on Ray. Data flows through data download, extraction, language detection, rule-based quality filtering, deduplication (exact, fuzzy, and semantic), and model-based quality filtering.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Image Curation**: Uses a pipeline-based architecture with modular stages for loading, embedding generation, classification (aesthetic, NSFW), filtering, and export workflows. Supports distributed processing with optional GPU acceleration.
```

:::

::::

> # Curator in Action: Nemotron & Scientific LLMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Curator in Action: Nemotron and Scientific LLMs
```

NeMo Curator is the foundation for building advanced, open post-training datasets powering domain-specific LLMs such as Nemotron and Chemistry LLMs for scientific discovery.

**LANL & NVIDIA Collaboration:**

> LANL and NVIDIA are collaborating on a multiphase process to develop a co-scientist for ICF fusion hypothesis generation. This showcases two agents being developed by Los Alamos National Laboratories (LANL) to address two of the toughest challenges in science today: inertial confinement fusion (ICF) hypothesis generation and cancer treatment. NeMo Curator is used for data curation in these workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**LANL and NVIDIA Collaboration:**
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) and NVIDIA are collaborating on a multiphase process to develop a co-scientist for ICF hypothesis generation. This showcases two agents LANL is developing to address two of the toughest challenges in science today: inertial confinement fusion (ICF) hypothesis generation and cancer treatment. NeMo Curator handles data curation for these workflows.
```

> **Nemotron & Synthetic Data:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Nemotron and Synthetic Data:**
```

To train their Chemistry LLM on 35B tokens from 17M scientific papers, SES AI used NVIDIA DGX Cloud with NeMo and NeMo Curator. To achieve higher model accuracy, the SES team used NeMo Curator features such as exact deduplication, numbers filter, word count filter, repeated lines filter, and non-alphanumeric filter. The outcome is a customized model that is more accurate than its base version in ranking molecules and providing actionable insights, accelerating discovery at an unprecedented rate.
:link: about-concepts-image
:link-type: ref

Explore key concepts for image data curation, including scalable loading, processing (embedding, classification, filtering, deduplication), and dataset export.
:::

:::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`video;1.5em;sd-mr-1` Video Curation Concepts
:link: about-concepts-video
:link-type: ref

Discover video data curation concepts, such as distributed processing, pipeline stages, execution modes, and efficient data flow.
:::

:::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`unmute;1.5em;sd-mr-1` Audio Curation Concepts
:link: about-concepts-audio
:link-type: ref

Learn about speech data curation, ASR inference, quality assessment, and audio-text integration workflows.
:::

> ::::

Reviewer: Verify orphaned/duplicated grid-card markup from Lines 58-78 left appended after the SES AI paragraph in Lines 97–117.
